The summary.csv file generated by this script contains 81 variables.  This dataset summarizes over ten thousand detailed observations in the 
UCI Human Activity study.  The first two variables classify the remainder of the quantitative data summarized on each line.

#1.  Activity
- WALKING
- WALKING_UPSTAIRS
- WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS
- SITTING
- STANDING
- LAYING
  
#2.  Subject
- An anonymous ID representing a test subject (a person) in the study.
  
#3-81.  Quantitative variables
 
These variables represent the overall mean value of the original normalized values for a given activity and subject in the study.  For example, if subject 1 had 10 observations of the BodyAcc-mean variable, the given value in the summary dataset represents the mean of those 10 observations.  Each quantitative variable   was originally pre-processed by applying noise filters and then sampled in fixed-width sliding windows of 2.56 sec and 50% overlap (128 readings/window). The sensor acceleration signal, which has gravitational and body motion components, was separated using a Butterworth low-pass filter into body acceleration and gravity. The gravitational force is assumed to have only low frequency components, therefore a filter with 0.3 Hz cutoff frequency was used. From each window, a vector of features was obtained by calculating variables from the time and frequency domain. 
  
These signals were used to estimate variables of the feature vector for each pattern:  
  '-XYZ' is used to denote 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions.

- tBodyAcc-XYZ
- tGravityAcc-XYZ
- tBodyAccJerk-XYZ
- tBodyGyro-XYZ
- tBodyGyroJerk-XYZ
- tBodyAccMag
- tGravityAccMag
- tBodyAccJerkMag
- tBodyGyroMag
- tBodyGyroJerkMag
- fBodyAcc-XYZ
- fBodyAccJerk-XYZ
- fBodyGyro-XYZ
- fBodyAccMag
- fBodyAccJerkMag
- fBodyGyroMag
- fBodyGyroJerkMag
